Thank you. When we do a practice like we just did the Vajra Goliath practice, a wrathful deity
practice, could you give us some advice on how to really do it properly?
Like a wrathful practice, like how do we make sure we're doing it kind of the correct way? I mean,
when we do the visualization, wrathful or peaceful, semi-wrathful, any Buddha when we realize they
are the embodiment of love and compassion and wisdom combined through it.
That's even though they appeared as wrathful, but that wrath is not anger, emotion anger, a display
of the two scary, negative emotions and neurotic minds.
The neurotic mind is always a regiment, always clinging something appears to us, kind of something
nice appeared there.
So the regular deity or wrathful deity is the contrary and opposite of to despair of that habit
ification of the clinging and attachment to those kind of like beauty or something that wanting that
.
So death is really the one with the purpose. But otherwise, all the Buddhas are same. All is best
upon the compassion, loving kindness and the wisdoms.
And that also when we generate, of course, this sudden we follow it. This vertical pattern is very
small, particularly the black home practice, very small.
But when we joined first time, when you begin the home syllable, there's three homes, one of these
three homes.
This has so many meanings in the teaching mentioned that our simple way to explain this is the
three samadhis.
And the three samadhi is such as samadhi is Sanskrit word, which means meditation or the
concentration or the understanding of the reality of nature as it is.
That is samadhis. So nature is what? Nature of every phenomenon, everything, both samsara and nir
vana is displayed.
There's no substantially solid existing according when you have the realizations. Really, there's
no substantially solid entity existing whatsoever.
It is all displayed. So first of all is that satyana samadhi means the absolute truth of the great
emptiness, great emptiness.
So when you see the whole phenomenon existing, is it a great emptiness? We joined many times the
emptiness, but emptiness is not negation state of the emptiness.
Emptiness is just the infinite qualities that beyond the minds. For example, if I say simply to
tell to our own mind, we all have mind and we believe we have mind.
But when you look to your mind, what we see, what we find, or what we really see, there's nothing
really we can see.
I saw anything. I mean, that's a really true path, a true reality of the nature. Of course, I'm
talking now with the mind.
But reality, the whole of this phenomenon is in that status. They hear, but when you look, elements
get analyzed, there's no substantial solid entity existing whatsoever.
So as modern time, the quantum physics, our discovery, our hurt, that's really the reality.
But that is not just negation state. It's beyond. It is totally flexible.
The whole flexible, the display, dynamic, this movement is just there.
It's not something that we detect immediately. It is mind bubbling status.
So first of all, we joined. We relaxed on the beyond of the conception of conception and beyond the
duality, say home.
Second home, that home is that state of the first state of the completely emptiness is not negation
state as I said.
You read. You heard that in a book, and you read. This reading in a book, what we see is not just,
it's just saying that the top name is true, fact.
It's not just believing. This believer has nothing to do. You always get it. Find out.
From that, the ordinary natural state is arising as the grid, then compassion. Compassion is the
nature of the mind.
Loving kindness is the nature of the mind. The wisdom is the nature of the mind.
But yet we can't detect it. This is compassion. This is the loving kindness. This is the wisdom.
And that we talked, our self is not just talking the story of the behind the mountain.
This is the reality. Our own nature. We have love. We have compassion. We have wisdom.
Again, we have anger. We have jealous. We have all the doubt and hesitations. But where are those?
Where are those? Again, that's the best lesson. It's the emptiness.
That's what the gracious teacher Buddha used the terminology, emptiness. That's it.
But that emptiness is not negation, blank, drag-hole, blue, kind of blank state or darkness state.
It's the fullness of dynamic qualities.
What are those? In this case, loving kindness, compassion, wisdom.
This compassion, then the second home is representing compassion. Represent all, entirely universe
and everything is filled with compassion.
Like as the morning sun shines when there are no clothes, no mists, the sunlight heat in the sky,
such a pervasive clear billion.
Like that, compassion, arising to every direction, there's no boundaries. Total probation, 360-
degree angles, everywhere.
That is the compassion without any partialities and without any kind of discrimination, but racial
compassion.
The second home is the compassion. That combination, that emptiness, first home, second home
combination, then third home.
Third home is the union of the emptiness and compassion. That is our own inner nature of the mind,
now coming as the poem.
The small, subtle state has begun to develop. Third home, when we join, that moment, then instantly
, Vedagalaya effort.
I myself, Vedagalaya, that's we join. That all appeared from that every home or the third home.
So third home is, as I said, there is an essence of the love, compassion, and wisdom.
Wisdom, also emptiness, is another terminology, then the synonym of the wisdom. It's combined
together.
That appeared, Vedagalaya. That home, even though that appeared at that home, all kind of totally
breaking through the old duality conceptions that we never imagined that.
But nature is a dynamic. Nature is a display. Nature has no restrictions, according to the teaching
.
Can anything, water can be fire, fire can be water, water, and those who have capability, they can
walk in the sky, they can sit on the sky, they can go through the walls, in the earth.
There's no restrictions. But due to the duality, we made restrictions. That is called mind created
by the dualities.
It's not the nature created. Then dynamic display of that compassion, love, the wisdom, appeared as
Vedagalaya.
The wrath of duty, that was scarce ego clinging, space on the neurotic mind, and habit patterns of
this and that, completely smashed that in the state of the origin of the natural states.
So that is our regulation. When we visualize that, not just Vedagalaya, our sub, but the whole
universe is formed in that medala.
Whole universe is in the state of the compassion, loving kindness, versus the display.
Whatever form, that is the medala of Vedagalaya, and that's what we join. With that meditation, in
the teaching said, it will really break down neurotic thoughts and obstacles, hindrance, and bring
up more of our inner qualities, inner qualities of the mind, and to benefit ourselves and all the
beings.
So that's really what we really visualize. And then we join, joining mandarai, and all that is so
powerful, so special.
As I said, he has studied too. This is Vedagalaya practice, one of the very special, really
practices.
They said, "Practice in Vedagalaya is a Vedagalaya practice. Practice in Vedagalaya will have long
lives. Practice in Vedagalaya will have prosperity.
Practicing in Vedagalaya will have more wisdom. Practicing in Vedagalaya has more power, more
ability to help and to subdue, to dispel the negative emotions, the obstacles.
And the practice in Vedagalaya will bring the realization of the enlightenment within this lifetime
. Those are really teaching great master, great wisdom.
So I mentioned that. So Vedagalaya practice is really very, very powerful, special. As I said
yesterday, Vedagalaya is very popular.
Of course, I knew my school as well as Kaji. But again, I missed somehow my mind that Vedagalaya
practice is so popular in the Sada schools to be the Buddhism.
It was one of the four Sada great master who was the disciple of the Gurbam Masambhava Shandara Ch
uddah.
And they had received Vedagalaya teaching from Gurbam Masambhava, as well as other Bhuvallam Madras
.
So Vedagalaya practice is very famous in Sada schools and as well as also in Gyalasabhos too.
So that is the little bit of Vedagalaya.
Thank you.
Can you also, could you mention a little Rinpoche about how these three samadhi that you mentioned,
how they're related with purifying our habits of like when we're dying and then after we die and
during our life?
I guess the teaching said that the fourth Vedagalaya, I mean based upon the samadhi, such in the
samadhi is when you have the realization that will bring realization of the dharmakaya, dharmakaya
status.
And the second samadhi, this compassion, the samadhi, it will bring the realization of the sambhok
aya.
And then this dharmakaya status, the third one is bring the realization of the nirmakaya.
Those are really in the teaching sense.
So fourth is that the satin, the samadhi is, will purify that experience.
That experience, it will transform that experience into a dharmakaya status.
So that's every, I mean, of course there's more instructions, but that's the, the really mention is
first is that when we're able to maintain in that status and then dharmakaya status, the moment we
pass, the moment that we, we, we start about breathing, that moment, moment, that consciousness is
trapped between two elements,
three elements, the wife and the dad element in heart center, moment you kind of, that won't stay a
long time, that kind of the, the pulse of the, of the two elements, the one coming together and the
consciousness is trapped between that.
And lastly talk, just a second or a few seconds or just a short time, when is the spark, that, that
pressure or that impact, impact, right?
In fact, when you kind of loosen up that, that moment, the consciousness of awareness is really so
believed as like building the autumn sky, clay, clay, and brilliant fresh that in that moment.
And if people who had a good meditator in this lifetime, and the Dokhi meditation or one of our
mother meditation, they can, can reach that moment, dharmakaya status.
Because the merging the, what sometimes the teaching mentioned, merging the, the, the, the child
luminosity of the hour, during our day practice or life practices, merge to the mother, mother
luminosity of the nature, mother nature.
Meeting the child luminosity to the mother luminosity, they completely merged in that moment, reach
the dharmakaya status, status was enlightened.
So that is very, therefore, the suchness, samadhi, well purified habit pattern of the moment or
death of that and the brain, the realization of the dharmakaya status.
And somehow we didn't, of course, we didn't get the realization that moment. Now, according to
Buddha's teaching, if you all know, I think, then the part of beginning, the part of start
experience.
And there's so many different regions, different disciplines that comes up, one after another.
But if people have the realization and good understand of such as the visualization, the meditation
, it is lifetime time, and that moment, then that this see this all display of the our own mind,
display of our mind, display of the nature of the mind is love and compassion.
So whatever the details, whatever the images is all one's own display.
Display of seeing that realization and see that it's samadhyakaya status.
So purify all that part of creation and transform into that samadhyakaya status, you reach
enlightened.
And then somehow, again, we didn't get, couldn't connected our wealth. Now we continue flowing, you
know, carry with the pulse of our habit pattern.
Now we will take rebirth. Rebirth, and that is according to Buddhism, there is no return. You will
have, you take rebirth.
And what kind of rebirth we take? According to our karma, that's in Buddhism.
But the karma of our journey, our lifetime, operate with karma, according to karma, you take
rebirth.
Where you will take rebirth, it depends with our own karmas. There is six destinations, take the
karma. Those are called six rams, six rams.
So any of those places we can check. Among those six rams, three are called upper rams, and three
are lower rams.
And this human rams and all the other upper rams. Upper rams. So you take the, you have to take the
karmas.
But that moment, again, this epsilon reconnected our self, withstand our awareness, and see this
part of our experiences,
and kind of withstand our practice during lifetimes, and then we can also transform that, that
birth.
Choose our birth, not carry the pulse of the karma, but we can choose our relation with our
concentrations.
And then some teachings said, we can't withstand your courage in your meditation, and connecting,
that I'm going to take the rebirth higher than.
And also with good poses, in the human realm, I'm going to take rebirth in a beautiful, barrenness,
barrenness, with beautiful barrenness, I'm going to take rebirth.
And I'm thinking of that, and see that barrenness are like a guru, guru, our teacher.
Teacher, both are teachers, and really without any negative emotion, without any thought, and
trying to concept, and choose the right parent,
and those are called the makai state of the realization, and the purifying habit patterns of the
birth habit pattern, some really, and choosing the makai status of the birth.
So those are the explanations.
Thank you. Thank you so much.
Okay. Thank you. I see. What do you have?